---json
{
  "title": "ENGAGE-110",
  "summary": "FE Design Team Paths, Naming Convention + workflow",
  "tags": "ENGAGE",
  "project": {
    "key": "ENGAGE",
    "title": "Fluid Engage"
  },
  "type": "Task",
  "priority": "Critical",
  "status": "Closed",
  "resolution": "Fixed",
  "assignee": "Leah Maestri",
  "reporter": "vmoulder",
  "date": "2009-10-06T19:03:22.000-0400",
  "updated": "2010-03-01T19:18:28.000-0500",
  "versions": [],
  "fixVersions": [],
  "components": [],
  "environment": null,
  "issueLinks": [],
  "attachments": [],
  "comments": [
    {
      "author": "Jess Mitchell",
      "date": "2010-01-14T11:33:33.000-0500",
      "body": "<http://old.nabble.com/Naming-convention-for-wiki-svn-etc...-td27048410.html>\\\nthe thread lives here â€“ a decision has been made and is documented here in the wiki:\\\n<http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Designer+Naming+Convention>\n"
    },
    {
      "author": "vmoulder",
      "date": "2010-03-01T19:18:28.000-0500",
      "body": "work has been completing to the best of our ability <http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Designer+Naming+Convention>&#x20;\n"
    }
  ]
}
---
engage13

We will select and plan a Naming Convention and work flow practice for the FE Design Team \[LM, JWY, ALL]

* I moved task from engage 08 - as it is still relevant

Due Date: ??

        