---json
{
  "title": "FLUID-971",
  "summary": "Personas: Create next steps for personas [shared]",
  "tags": "FLUID",
  "project": {
    "key": "FLUID",
    "title": "Fluid Infusion"
  },
  "type": "Task",
  "priority": "Major",
  "status": "Closed",
  "resolution": "Fixed",
  "assignee": "Allison Bloodworth",
  "reporter": "Daphne Ogle",
  "date": "2008-07-22T01:08:17.000-0400",
  "updated": "2013-04-11T17:31:17.733-0400",
  "versions": [],
  "fixVersions": [],
  "components": [
    "UX: Component Design",
    "UX: User Research"
  ],
  "environment": null,
  "issueLinks": [],
  "attachments": [],
  "comments": [
    {
      "author": "Jess Mitchell",
      "date": "2008-07-22T22:27:49.000-0400",
      "body": "iteration16\n"
    },
    {
      "author": "Allison Bloodworth",
      "date": "2008-09-02T14:31:22.000-0400",
      "body": "Based on the meeting Daphne, Erin, and I had on Friday about personas, some will be merged/changed/updated (tasks to be entered), we've chosen primary & secondary personas, plan to re-work the presentation of personas in the wiki (task to be entered) and afterwards send a note about this (and our other findings) to fluid-work, and will continue to look at the final format for personas (<http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-970>) and tweak our personas appropriately after we've decided on this format.\n"
    }
  ]
}
---
Allison, Erin & Daphne to meet and come up with next steps for personas.  Once the final format is decided we need to put them all in that format.  It will be much easier to choose primary & secondaries once they are all in that format.  But are there still some we wanted to merge?  We should do that before converting them over to the new format.

        